README.md, before:

# Project Overview

The collaborative-coding project is designed to facilitate teamwork and collaboration among developers working on backend development. This README.md file serves as the documentation for using the project effectively.
To effectively use the collaborative-coding project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/collaborative-coding.git
    ```

2. Install the required dependencies:
    ```
    cd collaborative-coding
    npm install
    ```

3. Update the database configuration:
    - Open the `src/auth/auth.ts` file in your collaborative-coding project.
    - Locate the database configuration section.
    - Update the `host`, `port`, `username`, `password`, and `database` fields with the appropriate values for your database.

4. Start the backend server:
    ```
    npm start
    ```

5. Access the project in your browser:
    Open your preferred web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`.

6. Register or log in:
    - If you are a new user, click on the "Register" button and provide the required information to create an account.
    - If you already have an account, click on the "Log In" button and enter your credentials.

7. Explore the project features:
    - Once logged in, you can create new coding projects, join existing projects, collaborate with other developers, and share code snippets.

8. Follow the project guidelines:
    - Make sure to follow the project guidelines and best practices for effective collaboration and code sharing.

9. Contribute to the project:
    - If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to contribute by submitting pull requests or raising issues on the project's GitHub repository.

10. Enjoy collaborative coding:
     - Start collaborating with other developers, share knowledge, and build amazing projects together!

11. Create the database:
    - Open your preferred database management tool (pgAdmin).
    - Create a new database with a suitable name for your collaborative-coding project.
    - Make sure to note down the database credentials (e.g., host, port, username, password) for the next step.
    - Run the sql query
    ```bash
    CREATE TABLE users (
    id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    username VARCHAR(255) UNIQUE NOT NULL,
    password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL
    );
    ```

Commit message:

chore: Update README.md with backend and frontend setup instructions

README.md, after:

# Project Overview

The collaborative-coding project is designed to facilitate teamwork and collaboration among developers working on backend development.

To effectively use the collaborative-coding project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/zahidhasann88/collaborative-coding.git
    ```

2. Install the required dependencies:
    ```
    cd collaborative-coding-backend
    npm install
    cd collaborative-coding-frontend
    npm install
    ```

3. Create the database and Update the database configuration:
    - Open your preferred database management tool (pgAdmin).
    - Create a new database with a suitable name for your collaborative-coding project.
    - Run the sql query
    ```bash
    CREATE TABLE users (
    id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    username VARCHAR(255) UNIQUE NOT NULL,
    password VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL
    );
    ```
    - Open the `src/auth/auth.ts` file in your collaborative-coding project.
    - Locate the database configuration section.
    - Update the `host`, `port`, `username`, `password`, and `database` fields with the appropriate values for your database.,

4. Start the backend and frontend:
    ```
    cd collaborative-coding-backend
    npm run dev
    cd collaborative-coding-frontend
    npm run start
    ```

5. Access the project in your browser:
    Open your preferred web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`.

6. Register or log in:
    - If you are a new user, click on the "Register" button and provide the required information to create an account.
    - If you already have an account, click on the "Log In" button and enter your credentials.

7. Explore the project features:
    - Once logged in, you can create new coding projects, join existing projects, collaborate with other developers, and share code snippets.

8. Follow the project guidelines:
    - Make sure to follow the project guidelines and best practices for effective collaboration and code sharing.

9. Contribute to the project:
    - If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to contribute by submitting pull requests or raising issues on the project's GitHub repository.

10. Enjoy collaborative coding:
     - Start collaborating with other developers, share knowledge, and build amazing projects together!
